where these thermal vents come close to
the surface and see this wonderful
frosty of sulfur here it can actually
make a pretty good natural pressure
cooker got my egg see if I can cook
something up
Japan's actually situated on the north
western edge of the Ring of Fire it's
that famous line that circumscribes in
Pacific and those were actually gave
birth to these islands it's actually
much more known for its destructive
power just before I came to live here
the famous Hanshin earthquake killed
thousands of people and pretty much
raised the whole city of kobane nowadays
though the Japanese have learned to live
with it and you can occasionally do your
cooking with it
there might have to wait a while before
this is done this stinking acidic steam
blasts out at a hundred degrees
centigrade it's forced up through the
Earth's crust where molten rock meets
underground water and I'm just hoping
the molten rock
stays down there at least until my
breakfast ready
right time 10 minutes
see if it's worked
hey can that perfect
I'm not gonna eat it though to be honest
this stink of rotten eggs has put me off
food for life I'll go on then I guess I
give me a go
Oh forgive
a little further along the road it's
clear that there's a constant battle
between fire and ice here in the grip of
winter steam keeps the ice at bay
providing a natural Haven in an
otherwise frozen world and what's good
enough the Swans is good enough for me
ah Oh crumbs that's hot oh it's too hot
ha ha ha
this hot springs so hot I was around
about 43 degrees that it's actually too
hot to sit in without a couple of great
big chunks of ice which melts in about
five seconds I am actually on the verge
of heatstroke there you be quiet I'm
talking here thank you
one of the best things about being a
country that's born out of volcanic
activity is the hot springs they call
them onsen in Japan and I've never seen
one quite like this one here he quite
apart from the fact that it's surrounded
by snow-covered mountains and I put the
frozen lake behind me I've been joined
by this huge flock of noisy
Koufos wise you've come in all the way
from Siberia they've been sweeping down
low nor a lake and making notable
landings on the ice
I'm seeing a single crash landing yet